335 ContributorsTranslationsPortuguêsEnglishРусский (Russian)TürkçeSvenskaDeutschKill You Lyrics“Kill You” is the opening track to the album, and is a lyrical tirade against Kim, Debbie Mathers, girlish rappers and women in general. The call-and-response part after the hook is a highlight of any given… Read More [Intro]
When I was just a little baby boy
My mama used to tell me these crazy things
She used to tell me my daddy was an evil man
She used to tell me he hated me
But then, I got a little bit older and I realized she was the crazy one
But there was nothin' I could do or say to try to change it
'Cause that's just the way she was

[Verse 1]
They said I can't rap about bein' broke no more
They ain't say I can't rap about coke no more (Ah)
Slut, you think I won't choke no whore?
'Til the vocal cords won't work in her throat no more? (Ah)
These motherfuckers are thinkin' I'm playin'
Thinkin' I'm sayin' this shit 'cause I'm thinkin' it just to be sayin' it (Ah)
Put your hands down, bitch, I ain't gon' shoot you
I'ma pull you to this bullet and put it through you (Ah)
Shut up, slut, you're causin' too much chaos
Just bend over and take it like a slut, okay, Ma?
"Oh, now he's rapin' his own mother
Abusin' a whore, snortin' coke and we gave him the Rolling Stone cover?"
You goddamn right, bitch, and now it's too late
I'm triple platinum, and tragedies happened in two states
I invented violence, you vile venomous volatile vicious
Vain Vicodin, vrin, vrin, vrin
Texas Chainsaw, left his brains all danglin' from his neck while his head barely hangs on
Blood, guts, guns, cuts
Knives, lives, wives, nuns, sluts


[Chorus]
Bitch, I'ma kill you, you don't wanna fuck with me
Girls neither, you ain't nothin' but a slut to me
Bitch, I'ma kill you, you ain't got the balls to beef
We ain't gon' never stop beefin', I don't squash the beef
You better kill me, I'ma be another rapper dead
For poppin' off at the mouth with shit I shouldn't have said
But when they kill me, I'm bringin' the world with me
Bitches too, you ain't nothin' but a girl to me (I said)

[Post-Chorus]
You don't wanna fuck with Shady ('Cause why?)
'Cause Shady will fuckin' kill you (Ah, haha)
I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady (Why?)
'Cause Shady will fuckin' kill you

[Verse 2]
(Bitch, I'ma kill you) Like a murder weapon
I'ma conceal you in a closet with mildew, sheets, pillows, and film you
Fuck with me, I been through Hell, shut the hell up
I'm tryna develop these pictures of the Devil to sell 'em
I ain't acid rap, but I rap on acid
Got a new blow-up doll and just had a strap-on added
Whoops, is that a subliminal hint? No
Just criminal intent to sodomize women again
Eminem offend? No, Eminem'll insult
And if you ever give in to him, you give him an impulse
To do it again, then if he does it again
You'll probably end up jumpin' out of somethin' up on the tenth (Ah)
Bitch, I'ma kill you, I ain't done, this ain't the chorus
I ain't even drug you in the woods yet to paint the forest
A bloodstain is orange after you wash it
Three or four times in a tub, but that's normal, ain't it, Norman?
Serial killer hidin' murder material in a cereal box on top of your stereo
Here we go again, we're out of our medicine
Out of our minds and we want in yours, let us in


[Chorus]
Or I'ma kill you, you don't wanna fuck with me
Girls neither, you ain't nothin' but a slut to me
Bitch, I'ma kill you, you ain't got the balls to beef
We ain't gon' never stop beefin', I don't squash the beef
You better kill me, I'ma be another rapper dead
For poppin' off at the mouth with shit I shouldn't have said
But when they kill me, I'm bringin' the world with me
Bitches too, you ain't nothin' but a girl to me (I said)

[Post-Chorus]
You don't wanna fuck with Shady ('Cause why?)
'Cause Shady will fuckin' kill you (Ah, haha)
I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady (Why?)
'Cause Shady will fuckin' kill you (Haha)

[Verse 3]
Know why I say these things?
'Cause ladies' screams keep creepin' in Shady's dreams
And the way things seem, I shouldn't have to pay these shrinks
These eighty Gs a week to say the same things tweece
Twice, whatever, I hate these things
Fuck shots, I hope the weed'll outweigh these drinks
Motherfuckers want me to come on their radio shows
Just to argue with 'em 'cause their ratings stink, fuck that
I'll choke radio announcer to bouncer
From fat bitch to all seventy thousand pounds of her
From principal to the student body and counselor
From in-school to before-school or outta school
I don't even believe in breathin'
I'm leavin' air in your lungs just to hear you keep screamin' for me to seep it
Okay, I'm ready to go play, I got the machete from O. J.​
I'm ready to make everyone's throats ache
You faggots keep eggin' me on 'til I have you at knifepoint, then you beg me to stop?
Shut up, give me your hands and feet
I said shut up when I'm talkin' to you
You hear me? Answer me


[Chorus]
Or I'ma kill you, you don't wanna fuck with me
Girls neither, you ain't nothin' but a slut to me
Bitch, I'ma kill you, you don't got the balls to beef
We ain't gon' never stop beefin', I don't squash the beef
You better kill me, I'ma be another rapper dead
For poppin' off at the mouth with shit I shouldn't have said
But when they kill me, I'm bringin' the world with me
Bitches too, you ain't nothin' but a girl to me
Bitch, I'ma kill you

[Post-Chorus]
You don't wanna fuck with Shady ('Cause why?)
'Cause Shady will fuckin' kill you (Haha)
I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady (Why not?)
'Cause Shady will fuckin' kill you

[Outro]
Hahaha
I'm just playin', ladies
You know I love you