339 ContributorsTranslationsDeutschРусский (Russian)ItalianoKim LyricsWritten in 1998, this is the prequel to 1997’s “97' Bonnie & Clyde”.… Read More [Intro: Eminem & Kim]
Aw, look at daddy's baby girl
That's daddy's baby, little sleepy head
Yesterday, I changed your diaper, wiped you and powdered you
How did you get so big? Can't believe it, now you're two
Baby, you're so precious, daddy's so proud of you
Sit down, bitch, you move again, I'll beat the shit out of you (Okay)

[Verse 1: Eminem & Kim]
Don't make me wake this baby, she don't need to see what I'm about to do
Quit crying, bitch, why you always make me shout at you?
How could you just leave me and love him out the blue?
Oh, what's the matter, Kim? Am I too loud for you?
Too bad, bitch, you're gonna finally hear me out this time
At first I'm like, "Aight, you wanna throw me out? That's fine"
But not for him to take my place, are you out your mind?
This couch, this TV, this whole house is mine
How could you let him sleep in our bed? Look it, Kim
Look at your husband now (No) I said look at him
He ain't so hot now, is he? Little punk
Why are you doing this? Shut the fuck up, (You're drunk)
You're never gonna get away with this You think I give a fuck?
Come on, we're going for a ride, bitch (No) Sit up front
We can't just leave Hailie alone, what if she wakes up?
We'll be right back, well, I will, you'll be in the trunk


[Chorus: Eminem]
So long, bitch, you did me so wrong
I don't wanna go on
Living in this world without you
So long, bitch, you did me so wrong
I don't wanna go on
Living in this world without you

[Verse 2: Eminem & Kim]
You really fucked me, Kim, you really did a number on me
Never knew me cheatin' on you would come back to haunt me
But we was kids then, Kim, I was only eighteen
That was years ago, I thought we wiped the slate clean
That's fucked up (I love you) I just—oh God, my brain is racin'
(I love you) What are you doing? Change the station
I hate this song, does this look like a big joke? (No)
There's a **** year old little **** layin' dead with a slit throat in your livin' room
Haha, what, you think I'm kiddin' you?
You loved him, didn't you? (No)
Bullshit, you bitch, don't fuckin' lie to me
What the fuck's this guy's problem on the side of me?
Fuck you, asshole, yeah, bite me
Kim? Kim, why don't you like me?
You think I'm ugly, don't you? (It's not—)
No, you think I'm ugly (Baby)
Get the fuck away from me, don't touch me
I hate you, I hate you, I swear to God, I hate you
Oh my God, I love you
How the fuck could you do this to me? (I'm sorry)
How the fuck could you do this to me?


[Chorus: Eminem]
So long
Bitch, you did me so wrong
I don't wanna go on
Living in this world without you
So long
Bitch, you did me so wrong
I don't wanna go on
Living in this world without you

[Verse 3: Eminem & Kim]
Come on, get out I can't, I'm scared
I said get out, bitch, let go of my hair
Please don't do this, baby, please, I love you
Look, we can just take Hailie and leave, fuck you
You did this to us, you did it, it's your fault
Oh my God, I'm crackin' up, get a grip, Marshall
Hey, 'member the time we went to Brian's party
And you were, like, so drunk that you threw up all over Archie?
That was funny, wasn't it? Yes
That was funny, wasn't it? Yes
See, it all makes sense, doesn't it?
You and your husband have a fight, one of you tries to grab a knife
And during the struggle he accidentally gets his Adam's apple sliced (No)
And while this is going on, his son just woke up
And he walks in, she panics, and he gets his throat cut (Oh my God)
So now they both dead and you slash your own throat (No)
So now it's double homicide and suicide with no note
I should've known better when you started to act weird
We could've—hey, where you going? Get back here
You can't run from me, Kim, it's just us, nobody else
You're only making this harder on yourself
Haha, gotcha, go ahead, yell
Here, I'll scream with you: Ahh, somebody help
Don't you get it, bitch? No one can hear you
Now shut the fuck up and get what's comin' to you
You were supposed to love me
Now bleed, bitch, bleed
Bleed, bitch, bleed
Bleed


[Chorus: Eminem]
So long
Bitch, you did me so wrong
I don't wanna go on
Living in this world without you
So long
Bitch, you did me so wrong
I don't wanna go on
Living in this world without you

*Crickets, traffic, and trunk closing*